[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today,
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with John Ramirez,
a retired CIA officer,
who served as chief of the
Electronic Intelligence branch
and specialized in
ballistic missile defense,
weapon systems radar,
and technical collection
operations.
Today, he shares his
experiences with hybrids.
John, welcome to the show.
>>JOHN RAMIREZ:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: Let's
talk about hybrids.
From your own understanding,
what is a hybrid?
>>RAMIREZ: Well,
generically, a hybrid
is a combination of two other
species to make a new species.
And in our context, where
we're talking about today,
it's a human with a
nonhuman intelligence.
So for my understanding
of hybrids,
it's a mixture of
human and nonhuman DNA.
In some aspects, we humans are
already hybrids in the sense
that we may have been
accelerated in our development.
If we do have close
cousins, the primates,
we're very different from
primates, very different
from any primate you
see in the wild or one
you may visit in a zoo.
And in that regard, what I
call an alien hybrid, which
is a very bad term to use.
Just not very descriptive.
I would go back to
nonhuman intelligence.
They could have helped
us in our development,
and they could have helped
us to become more accelerated
than what we would normally
would have achieved
through natural evolution.
So in a way, we are,
ourselves, hybrids.
But they, themselves,
may also be
hybrids from other interventions
by other beings who
made them what they were.
>>EMERY: What ETs have
hybridization programs
with humans?
>>RAMIREZ: I don't know
exactly which ones.
I can only relate to my
own personal experience.
My personal experience
is that I was
taken by beings
who self-identified
as Saurian, in the
sense that they're not
reptiles or lizard
people, but their ancestry
came from something what we
would describe as reptiles.
So for me, my interactions
have been with Saurians.
And I think that they had an
interest in my development.
Whether they intervened in
a certain way, I don't know.
But again I've had
an interest in space.
I've had an interest
in this entire topic
from a very young age.
And I've had all these other
experiences with these beings.
So I assume that my experience
is with Saurians in helping
me become the individual I am.
>>EMERY: In what way did
they interact with you
and communicate?
>>RAMIREZ: Yes,
it's all telepathic.
I remember that.
If there's any kind of
intervention physically,
it would have
occurred in the story
I told about being a
young child and being
taken to that Victorian house
and being medically examined.
I have no memory of
anything happening to me
other than examination, but
that was an opportunity.
And also being taken
aboard a craft,
that was another
opportunity, as well,
to have some kind of direct
intervention with me.
I believe I do have an implant.
I've been told I have
an implant by people
who do not know each other
and did not know me at all.
And these are
lightworkers, people
we call lightworkers
or clairvoyants
or people who are very tuned
in to higher consciousness.
And they told me
individually that they
could hear my implant.
And one woman said
that your implant
is giving me a headache.
So I know the
existence of implants
is controversial,
because it assumes
that part of that hybridization
is control, mind control.
I don't think it's
mind control so
much as behavior modification
of being more open.
It opens up channels to
have these experiences
and maybe perhaps there's
something different about me
physiologically that my
mind or my brain, rather,
my physical organic brain
acts like an antenna
for their messages.
And there's been a
lot of talk about that
in scientific circles
as well, that there's
some part of the brain
called the caudate putamen
that may act like an antenna and
that certain individuals have
very pronounced, very
active caudate putamen.
I hear rumors about it, but
I can't substantiate it.
And the people who know aren't
going to say anything about it.
But again, it's out there.
And it's out there,
and it's anecdotal.
I don't have any evidence
for it, and I can't prove it.
But I think it needs
to be said that there
is a scientific
effort to study that.
>>EMERY: For what purpose is
the hybridization program?
Maybe what you're
talking about right now,
there is a purpose for
that, you said behavioral.
What other purposes do you
think the extraterrestrials
have hybridization programs?
>>RAMIREZ: Well, first of
all, to be aware of them.
To be aware of them, perhaps,
a little more strongly
than the general population.
Because there are
people who have seen
these orbs or have had
encounters with craft,
but they have not
received any messages.
They didn't get any
profound messages that
profoundly changed their lives.
And in other cases,
just seeing one
completely changed
their perspective.
>>EMERY: That could be
the message itself, just
by visualization.
>>RAMIREZ: That could be,
but they're out there now.
And many of the podcasters that
people out there might know,
they're actually experiencers.
They don't say it, perhaps.
They don't say it
as loudly, but there
are experiencers out there.
And there are those who ended
up in careers in the government
and the intelligence community
that were experiencers
before they arrived.
And for me, personally,
I can say this
because it's a
personal experience.
It all led up to what
we're doing right now,
talking to you and to your
audience, sharing what I know.
And I just want to assure
people that they're not crazy.
They may have no
one else to talk to.
They may be afraid to talk
to their friends and family,
certainly not coworkers for
fear of derision, ridicule.
But I want them to know
that what they experience
is genuine, and they
shouldn't be afraid.
And they're not the only ones.
There are many, many,
many, more out there.
>>EMERY: They shouldn't
be judged for that.
>>RAMIREZ: No, they shouldn't.
>>EMERY: Those are
real experiences.
>>RAMIREZ: Yes they're
very real experiences.
And others who actually
work in government,
who not only had the
experience personally but had
direct encounters
professionally,
that they know that
hybrids do exist.
That it's a real thing.
They know that
implants are real.
It's a real thing.
But right now,
they're not allowed
to talk about it at all.
And the only reason why
I'm talking about it
is because I'm not
a whistleblower.
I want to make that plain.
I never was a
whistleblower from day one.
I went to the CIA, and
I wrote them a letter,
saying this is what I'm
going to talk about.
And I listed everything I knew
about everything, including
that meeting.
>>EMERY: Good.
>>RAMIREZ: And I said, if you
have any problems with it,
you know how to reach me.
You know how to contact me.
Tell me to stop.
Tell me if there's any
problems with anything
I say, and I will
absolutely stop.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I don't like
that term "whistleblower."
People called me that
at the beginning,
when I started
releasing information.
I just told my story.
And I wasn't in the
project at that time.
I already left.
But I did like what you did.
You made an announcement.
You talked to your
people, and said, hey,
this is what's going on.
I think people need to
know that people like us
and them, the viewers that
are in these positions,
can do that and feel a
little bit more comfortable
moving forward.
>>RAMIREZ: Yeah,
even more so now.
When WPA got signed into law,
that it's now part of law.
And now, it's not-- before,
it was a stigma, not sharing.
And now, you're
encouraged to share.
That if you don't share,
then there's the stigma
of what are you hiding?
So in a way, that whole process
got reversed in a good way.
And we're going toward
the right direction.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
That's good.
>>RAMIREZ: So I'm
looking forward
to the next hearing,
public hearing.
I understand there will be one.
I'm also looking forward
to the unclassified report.
My understanding is that it's on
Secretary Austin, the Secretary
of Defense's desk.
And I said that in
my other interviews,
that I know it's at
the secretary's desk,
and that there's probably some
talk about what can be released
and what can't be released.
And so I think the intelligence
community, civilian side,
is more willing to
release information,
whereas the Department
of Defense side
is reluctant to do so.
And I believe they're
having negotiations
on what to release.
>>EMERY: Right.
We have to be protective,
to an extent, of course.
>>RAMIREZ: Yes, and there
will be unclassified version.
But for members of Congress
with oversight authorities,
they have to release everything
that Congress asks for.
And I'm hoping for a more
meaningful hearing next time.
>>EMERY: You've talked about DNA
influences on the human body,
especially with
extraterrestrials
and hybridization.
You, yourself, talked
about the Saurians
and how you have an
affinity for that.
With all the different species
that are out there mentioned,
that not only you have mentioned
but others and individuals
out there have mentioned, with
the hybridization program,
why wouldn't we look more
different than as we all
look the same, as a human?
>>RAMIREZ: Well,
one of the beings
that people report
seeing are the very tall,
human-like beings.
And I, personally, believe
that we are from them.
That we are actually
offspring of them,
and that we were brought here.
And that we forgot our
reason why we're here.
And we try to make
these connections
in our past history.
That we build these
monuments to the heavens,
and we have these
wonderful stories
of the gods living in the air.
We have this concept of
heaven, of a divine being,
not on Earth but above us.
Where did all that come from,
angels and messengers of God?
I believe that we
forgot our true origins.
And that, it's not that
we don't look like them.
We are them, and they look like
us because we look like them.
We are them.
And so the hybridization
is not necessarily
changing our appearance
but more like expanding
our consciousness, of
elevating consciousness
and expanding human potential
to be all that we can be
and that we're just using just a
small portion of our abilities.
That the human brain is
capable of so much more
and that our five senses tend
to block us of what we can see.
Our eyes are limited to
a very narrow spectrum,
and our ears are even
more so very narrow.
In fact, our skin is much more
sensitive to more frequencies
than our own eyes.
That we can actually feel
wavelengths that our eyes
cannot see.
That is the part
of the story there,
that we are somehow limited and
that the hybridization is not
to further limit us
but to expand us,
to make us more aware
of our consciousness.
And some people
do it chemically,
and that's one way of doing it.
Some people do it
through meditation.
That's what I do, a
deep, mindful meditation
taught to me by my
own lightworker.
And she's been very wonderful
in teaching me this,
and it has really enriched my
life to follow her protocols.
And so that's what I believe.
That it's not necessarily that
we need to look like Saurians.
>>EMERY: Correct.
Yeah, I don't
believe that either.
I mean, a lot of
the hybridization
programs and hybrids out
there, especially mostly,
there are a lot of
human extraterrestrials.
But as the old saying is, we
all look the same on the inside,
I have to disagree with.
Because there are a lot
of different physicality,
not only just physical, but
also frequency-derived cells
in the body that are not
in everyone, I'll say.
And I think that's
something really important
that you mentioned is
that it has nothing
to do with also
the look of someone
just because you cross
this being with this being,
but more of what's the
accelerating consciousness
of that being because of that?
>>RAMIREZ: Yes, and
again, consciousness
is the very important
aspect of this.
And it's one that, I
believe, the government just
recently learned about.
That when the orbs appeared,
it was no longer metallic
structured craft.
That they became aware
people seeing these orbs,
having encounters,
have these experiences
where it changes their lives.
And that's been reported.
And so I would
suggest that people
don't think the
government is not
aware of what is said in social
media of all the websites
that the experiencers have
published, channelers, as well.
I believe they're well
aware of what channelers
have said in their messages and
what experiencers have related.
And some of us, who
are experiencers,
have been in government and
we're using that platform
to help, not only the
government understand
that this is what's
going on, but help
our fellow human beings
understand that they shouldn't
feel stigmatized about this.
>>EMERY: Right.
Do all ETs have the same
purpose for their hybridization
programs?
>>RAMIREZ: I'm not aware
if all ETs or all nonhuman
intelligence have
hybridization programs.
I've never been
made aware of that.
I just know that officially
in that briefing,
it was labeled "alien."
>>EMERY: All right.
>>RAMIREZ: They did not
specify what kind of alien.
>>EMERY: Well, have you
ever encountered someone
that you thought was a hybrid?
>>RAMIREZ: Yes.
Yes, there are people
I've met that, to me, felt
like they're not 100% human.
And some I've met at CIA.
Some I met just in
ordinary, everyday life.
You just get this feeling that
you come in contact with them,
and you know that
they're special.
Especially, with me, personally,
if I walk into a room,
I can tell who the
lightworkers are.
Because I can feel the
energy radiating from them,
and I react with that energy.
And I really like that
feeling of that energy
that they emanate.
It's a good, friendly,
very strong, very vibrant,
positive energy.
Likewise, and you go into
a room and all of a sudden,
you just feel like
that person is someone
you don't want to be with.
They're just
resonating differently,
and it's more like resonance.
Like we need to find
our natural resonance.
And you could do that
through meditation,
but once you find your
natural resonance,
it's like tuning in a radio,
because right now, there
are all kinds of
broadcast frequencies,
but you can only listen
to one at a time.
And likewise, with
this type of energy,
you need to tune into
what your resonance is
and then that's where
you hear the messages.
Otherwise, it's just noise.
>>EMERY: How did your
hybridization come about?
Is that one of the ways
that you found out?
Through the frequency?
>>RAMIREZ: Through mine?
My personal hybridization
is mostly my interpretation
of the experiences
that I had of being
taken, of being
taken aboard a craft
and having lightworkers tell
me that you're a hybrid.
You have an implant.
And my only
professional experience
was the one where I had
a nosebleed at work,
and I reached for
a box of tissues.
And my chair was an
office chair with wheels.
And I rolled back and
landed flat on my back.
They took me up to the
Office of Medical Services,
where I was examined
by a doctor.
And the doctor wanted to take
X-rays since I fell on my back.
They took X-rays.
And he looked at the
X-ray and asked me
if I ever had any
major surgery or was I
ever in a very bad accident?
No to both.
And then he got another
doctor to look at it.
And he goes, hmm, this
is very interesting.
And it looked to them like
I've had surgery, somehow,
and I never did.
And of course, they
addressed the nosebleed.
So when they addressed
the nosebleed,
they peered into
my right nostril.
And the one doctor
said, have you ever
had any kind of major surgery
in your right nostril, deep?
I said, no.
Why?
Because, he said, there is
a surgical precision cut.
A surgeon cut into your
right nostril, which
is the source of the bleeding.
And then he got another doctor.
The same doctor that
looked at my X-rays.
And they looked at
it, and he pretty much
agreed with that
first assessment.
They went off on a sidebar.
And they started
whispering to themselves.
And then, you, as a
patient, lying there,
wondering what are
they talking about?
And they came back and said,
can we remove something?
We see some debris there.
We want to clear it out.
I said, sure.
Go ahead.
And then we'll cauterize
it, if that's OK.
Sure.
Go ahead.
And so they removed something.
They cleared out the
debris from my nose,
and they cauterized it.
And so I always wondered
what did they find?
>>EMERY: Did they take any
specimens or test anything?
>>RAMIREZ: I don't know.
>>EMERY: And this was
during the Agency?
>>RAMIREZ: I was in the
Agency, and I don't know.
And that is why, when
I retired, I wanted
to get my medical records.
And said, you can't have
your medical records.
They're the property of CIA.
I thought, oh, OK.
And so years later,
I wrote to CIA,
requesting my medical records.
And I had to go
through a lot of hoops
to prove who I am, which
they readily found out.
We all have this number,
called an agency identification
number, and every CIA
officer has a unique number.
It's not 007, but
you get the idea.
We have a number.
And I gave them my
number, my badge number,
and so they could look me up.
And I requested my
medical records,
and I couldn't
have them directly.
I had to send them
to a physician.
And I still--
>>EMERY: A civilian physician?
>>RAMIREZ: A former
government physician,
and I still do not have any
access to that because I
waived the HIPAA for it.
And it was probably
sent to this physician.
And I have no idea.
I have no idea.
>>EMERY: Interesting.
>>RAMIREZ: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Well,
maybe they're still
trying to hide
something that they
don't want you to know about.
>>RAMIREZ: Maybe so.
>>EMERY: Do you
believe, over time,
that your nonhuman DNA
will start dominating
the most of your essence?
>>RAMIREZ: I don't think so,
because "nonhuman" sounds
like you're a mutant.
And it's not a mutation.
We all have nonhuman
DNA, and we have DNA that
used to be called junk DNA.
So in a way, we're
discovering more and more
about the human genome,
and we're discovering
that it does have functions.
And we're discovering
that there are
splices in that genome that
are difficult to explain,
that shouldn't be there.
>>EMERY: More functions
than the DNA we know about.
>>RAMIREZ: Exactly, exactly.
And that's a whole
avenue of research,
not just in this UAP field but
in just genomics, in general.
There's a lot of study being
done about the human genome.
There's more mysteries in our
bodies than anywhere else.
And so I think, it's not that
it's becoming more prevalent.
It is who you are, you know?
It makes you who you
are, and I am who I am.
So I don't think I'm any
different than anyone else.
I don't feel
different other than
that I've had these experiences.
But many other people have
had experiences as well,
and whether they have enhanced
DNA or not, I don't know.
But I can only say for
myself that I consider it
more of a gift to have this.
I take it that way.
That it's a gift for me.
>>EMERY: It is a gift,
if you're aware of it.
Do you believe your
nonhuman DNA of this origin
could possibly guide you
differently now that you're
more aware of it than before?
>>RAMIREZ: Yes, I do.
I think I'm more inspired
to learn about myself.
I'm more inspired
to seek guidance
in helping me through
this physical existence.
I am very much tuned into
this entire phenomenon
in a greater way, more so than
just my personal experiences.
But it's becoming
richer, and it's
helping me understand who I am
and what I need to be doing.
What my work is that
I was sent here to do.
So in those ways,
yes, it has helped me.
Has, in no way, has
hindered me at all.
>>EMERY: So it helped to
guide you to the mission
and gave you perspective
of where to go from here,
such as being here.
>>RAMIREZ: Exactly,
and that is the work
that I was sent here to do.
And that was the
inspiration I got
from seeing that orb July 2020.
That I'm here to do a mission.
I'm here to do some work.
And I need to share what I know,
and that these opportunities
will come to you, where
you least expect it now.
People want to hear
what you have to say.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
What about the
Saurians you mentioned?
Are they extraterrestrial,
or are they from Earth?
>>RAMIREZ: I have a belief.
This is my personal belief.
That they're closer
than we expect.
That they didn't just
travel here hundreds
of light years away
or tens of light years
away to be here at that moment.
That they have always been
here, but we don't see them.
We're not aware of them.
They may be in hiding.
They may be on the moon,
on Mars, or nearby planets.
They may be here on the
Earth, in the Earth,
or underneath the sea.
I think they're what is known
as an ultra-terrestrial.
>>EMERY: Ultra-terrestrial, OK.
>>RAMIREZ: They may have had
an extraterrestrial origin.
But we share the planet
with them, and they're here.
And it's just that they have
more advanced technology
than we do, And they hide it.
Until more recently,
they have been showing
the technology they have.
>>EMERY: Well, personally, what
do you think their agenda is,
then?
>>RAMIREZ: To guide
us, to inspire us,
to make us more
than what we are,
to elevate us, to get
us prepared to join them
and an awareness of who we
are, where we came from,
and what we need to be doing.
And again, it goes back to
this Galactic Federation.
Maybe their agenda
is for us to actually
join the Galactic
Federation, to prepare us,
but we're not there yet.
We're not ready yet.
>>EMERY: We've talked
about DNA of humans
being in extraterrestrials
and also,
humans having
extraterrestrial DNA.
Where do you think that's
going to be leading us
to as we move into the future?
>>RAMIREZ: I think
it will lead us
to an understanding
of our cosmic origins,
first and foremost.
Now, assuming that they found
human DNA in the actual Roswell
crash victims, assuming that
and then that they're Grays.
And others saying that the
Grays are biomechanical beings,
that they were created to be
who they are, to be helpers,
I would have to think that
since that DNA is also
found in humans that we have
a common source of creation
of someone or some other
beings that created both of us
and imparted their
DNA onto us as well
as the beings that were
discovered in the Roswell
crash.
Be they biomechanical or
some other form of life,
we don't quite understand.
And that goes back to a lot
of Earth's religious beliefs
that a divine being
made us in its image.
And you can interpret
that in many ways,
but in this cosmic
way of interpretation,
some being more superior to
us, more advanced than us,
had some intervention
in how we turned out
by imparting some of their
genetic material into us.
And for where we
go from there, it's
just a greater
understanding that we have
this linear view of history.
And I don't think
it's quite linear.
I think it's very
circular and very helical.
Because I think
that we are the way
we are because of
something that happened
long before we
remember as humans
that made us who we are today.
And as we discovered
that, then it
will lead us to a greater
understanding of what humanity
is, and that we all
have this within us.
That no one is superior
to anyone else,
especially if you're human.
Because we have the same origin.
We are from the same creator.
So it's a greater
understanding of who we are
and that might help us--
lead us to where we need to go.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
the Agencies really
interested in the bloodlines.
What do you think
is in the bloodlines
that they're interested in?
>>RAMIREZ: Yes, and the Agencies
are the CIA, in particular.
And I believe that they are
looking at human origins.
That they understood, through
the examination of alien DNA
and the discovery that
some of that alien DNA
is in human form, that they
want to know the origin of that.
And that certain humans
seem to have enhanced DNA.
And if you go project
backward, if you look at,
for example, the story
of nonhuman intelligences
on the planet, let's
say the Annunaki,
they establish
kingship with humans.
And they enhanced certain
humans to be kings and queens
and priests and priestesses.
It's a separate class
of humans to rule over
other humans in their name.
And that bloodline stayed pure.
It had to be pure.
So those with that background,
that aristocratic background,
wanted to make sure that
their blood stayed pure.
They only married
within those bloodlines.
But that was a long time ago.
Projected to today, there's a
lot of mixing of humans now,
and so it's almost like
the CIA saying, oh, yeah,
we discovered that there
is human DNA in aliens
and alien DNA in humans.
And we know that
certain families
have this enhanced DNA, not just
regular human DNA but enhanced
DNA.
How far back does it go?
Who are their bloodlines?
What is their genealogy?
And so that goes back to the
establishment of kingship
and how the nonhuman
intelligences,
who came to settle here
and that brought us here
wanted to enhance certain
of us to rule ourselves
in their name.
And so that's what I
think it's all about.
It's like studying
the origins of humans
in order to understand
what we're seeing today
in these nonhuman intelligences
that may be amongst us.
>>EMERY: You mention
enhancements.
What enhancements did you hear
about that maybe they spoke of?
>>RAMIREZ: I didn't hear
anything particularly that
was enhanced, such as you're
stronger or you're smarter
or anything like that.
To me, it's more
like, I would say
it's an enhancement of human
consciousness and advancement
of human potential.
That's what they're
interested in.
>>EMERY: Are they looking at
it as like a more pure essence
of that first entity?
>>RAMIREZ: I hesitate to say
"pure," because any time you
use the word "pure--"
>>EMERY: Or concentrated.
I don't even know what
word to use for that.
>>RAMIREZ: It seems
to say that some
are more superior than others,
and I don't believe that.
I just believe it's just
part of our genetic makeup
that certain people may have
a more direct lineage to those
who were kings and queens
and priests and priestesses,
and that that lineage is seen in
that enhancement of human DNA.
But having said that, if this
process is still going on,
then I would say that the
consciousness, the higher
consciousness aspect
of the phenomenon
is continuing and spreading.
>>EMERY: There's
definitely something there
they are interested in, because
they wouldn't be doing that.
They wouldn't be going to these
extreme measures to find out.
>>RAMIREZ: I think
that's a fair statement.
They wouldn't be
wasting their time
if there was no purpose in it.
And it goes to
what do they know?
What are they preparing
us for that we don't know?
I can speculate, but I
hesitate to do that, because--
>>EMERY: You never know.
>>RAMIREZ: We don't know.
>>EMERY: We don't know yet.
>>RAMIREZ: There's
just the feeling
that are we on the verge of
making a major discovery?
And whether that comes through
science or through the nonhuman
intelligences
appearing, I don't know.
I kind of get hints that
science will lead the way.
That there will be a scientific
discovery in the next few years
that will make it
a compelling case
that we need to go out
and invest the money
to explore what they found.
And what they found may
lead us to our origins.
It could be an artifact
or who knows what it is?
But I've got the feeling
that NASA will lead the way.
And one of the purposes
of going back to the moon
again and the James Webb
Space Telescope and everything
we're doing in space and
what other countries are
doing in space will
lead us to a discovery.
Something that was
built, not by humans,
that may have a clue as to
who we are or why we are.
It could be a replica of
something that exists on Earth,
you know?
Whether it be an obelisk
or whether it be a pyramid
or whatever it could
be, maybe there's
something out there
that NASA knows about
that they need to explore.
And once they make this
so-called discovery,
then that would be the
impetus for the investment
to occur to actually find
out what's out there.
And through a scientific
discovery, then, in a way,
the intelligence community
has a way out, saying, yeah,
we knew this all along.
Oh, but look, the
scientific discovery.
We need to go
there and find out.
And meantime, they know
exactly what was up there.
>>EMERY: That happens a lot.
>>RAMIREZ: And I always wondered
did we tell NASA where to look?
Look here and you might
find something interesting.
So that remains to be seen.
I'm looking forward
to the revitalization
of the human
spaceflight to the moon.
And they're going to places to
the moon to make discoveries,
and who knows what
they discover?
Going to Mars, that might
be another step forward.
But in the meantime, they,
the nonhuman intelligence,
may just show up in our
skies like they're doing now.
But they're doing it piecemeal.
They're showing
up here and there.
Other than the Phoenix Lights,
that occurred decades ago,
I don't know of a mass
sighting like that
where you have a
formation that showed up.
And maybe that might happen.
And this time
around, we won't call
them flares, because
we're smarter than that.
>>EMERY: So on the
topic of hybrids,
is there a final
takeaway you would like
to leave us and the audience?
>>RAMIREZ: Hybrids
are humans, too.
[LAUGHS] They're not mutants.
Hybrids are not mutants.
In a way, we all become
hybrids naturally,
as we adapt to our environment.
So my takeaway would be that
if people in your audience
feel that they are hybrids
and perhaps some do,
they should consider
that a gift, not a curse.
And through that
gift, they can use
that to explore who
they are and why
they're here, what
their mission is,
and find some strength in that.
And then seek out others,
who also might be hybrids.
That's one of the
most enjoyable parts
of going into these
various conferences is
to meeting like-minded
people, who believe as you do,
and you can share your
experiences in a nonthreatening
way, where there's no ridicule.
>>EMERY: Right.
It's beautiful.
>>RAMIREZ: And I love
that, and that's why
I enjoy going to conferences.
And that's why I enjoy speaking
to audiences, like yours,
and to even podcasters
or other audiences.
That the message I have is let's
take better care of the planet,
just for everyone.
>>EMERY: Thank
you so much, John.
It was great information.
Thanks for being on the show.
>>RAMIREZ: Thank you very much.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]